people that's it from tobit sv this
month 3 ie from the first impression one would be
to unpack it is a bit
inferior from one to touch her
it feels after the plastic
best but just white entry class sv
ii works with another offers for
as operating system has in the cortex a8
processor down to 1.2 gigahertz with eight
megabyte memory around 512 mb ddr3 sd
RAM memory
after due to the other 41
operating system is the menu guide the
usual easy to understand itself
Explains what is striking is this
small you the certificates that is one
store or cool capacitive multitouch
resolution of 800 x
80 videos
coffee or cola comcom can
unfortunately not possible with this tablet
as an accessory I still do it for the tatnacht
the micro usb 2.0 that was normal usb
can connect
listen to the headphones while listening to music
integrated microphone has the tablet
unusual
unfortunately pretty weak
0 3 megapixel camera there are in this
Also price segment we already tablets
have a 5 megapixel camera so there
they really are a little bit
Saved in the net you can with the
send day goes through 3 times
that means mobile surfing is also possible
which again some expensive tablets
not to offer
what also has all the wifi function
wlan 802 11 b / g / n works great what
I recommend because sometimes it would from your
wireless router in this tablet
move the channel to a higher level
put the channel 5 607 we have now
No six months before were up
13th canal
that did not work as well as he did
has in routers
I like
now count generally free of the
Operation is the display bit
It 's not a bit too hacky right now
quite as comfortable as you look
presents or whatever you like to the whole
but generally would like for the
price class thing just now and times
for a slim wallet, it is a
nice a beginner tray yes man
can
all under with
You can do facebook youtube video
already look
even if I am super resolution so
for narrow many narrow kassel and
beginners are up to as yet
that's already gone
we can therefore recommend cooperation
you can do everything necessary with it
yes I hope that the comparison leaves
you liked it
over a thumb high and very happy
if you want you can also subscribe
about which more videos from view
and keep learning tests and everything
What's the point of our head
high until the next video